hey guys so first thing yes those are my
lights and he has his power function so
I just got this big box might well don't
consider it big well i was i got this
box in the mail and i have not check
forts and it says well be a toys for be
a Bose calm and like I haven't know what
it is so yeah the reason well i'm going
to show you this because let me just say
it big box and this is actually the edge
of my desk right here actually have to
like a draw upon my little desk drawers
and balance my little iPad stand on it
so let's get the Box up live on lockdown
ipad so you oughtn't in our just a box
now let me show you how the baby this
thing is this thing we're gonna stand
its massive look at that thing this is
my desk and i'm at my back wall hack my
back awesome camera wall my room and
there is ok that is insanely big so i
guess i'll be sure to pokeman it but
when you put on the floor me guys so all
you see you back when i put on the floor
cuz i don't want to waste your time ok
go back guess only took me like flashing
himself well reading that did does
because i didn't want to hold my ipad
also doing this get me scissors and yeah
there it is bh which be able calm guess
yeah those are address if you want to go
rob them for I love my box don't do that
don't be stupid
so yeah always says I can find out in my
room and let's open this baby up ok
focus ok almost up in this tab up
completely oh let me just say this thing
that's huge having a hard time like
maneuvering around it and jab myself in
the leg scissors that hurt and yes don't
be like your videos to shaking well
guess what genius I'm freaking booking a
box that I have to stand up to do it
yay we get a bunch of paper my favorite
probably almost fell back the suitors so
scissors are done over there so we got
paper and over on this side more paper
on the side oh yeah baby fighting
crimson oh my gosh look at this science
Parton look at that that's amazing I did
not know that was going to get this well
we should have known the video next we
got the wombat fire Tintin fire team
venom help you my favorite for just the
oceanic that's awesome oh my gosh noon
bassa police department ah where that is
dia clue sir oh the broadsword which I
just had to flip it around for that yeah
it's pretty much as wise giant box and
then we got elephant more paper now this
is the real deal for you people cuz it I
looked on the mailbox website and it has
like 140 steps so you people that are
like new to building stuff my luggage
palace so you get 1001 311 pieces insane
and you get some awesome figures
00 so yeah this is what I got in one box
that's not all because I still got some
other stuff that need to be shipped you
know this is just the stuff that's out
like today in stores and stuff I thought
I feel like that or C mantis Cyclops the
police Hornet which I don't know why I
didn't get it cuz it's still out what I
said get it tomorrow yet today's
Wednesday I do believe and yeah I had to
do some soccer training today just
richmond kickers practice and i will
probably not do it tomorrow because the
i'm carpooling with people may probably
be out of town tomorrow so yeah so hope
you ll see you see y'all on my first
review which I wanted is one of these
don't either plugin creditor bama
because those are the best probably
soaked up see you all on the next video
one of these reviews or maybe I just do
that one versus the science portents
opening up the science part or that so
hope you all next video have a great day